team/sprint01/lect03.md, before:

Project: Sports Betting/Prediction
 
Mentor: James, Jonathan

Meeting Time: lect03

Type of meeting: [sprint planning, daily scrum]

Team: Alvin Chan [x], Tim Nguyen [x], Jun Yoon[x], Rayomd Xie [x], Ali Shahid [x], Kevin Yang [x], Logan Melgoza [x], Jay Yeung [x]

Scribed Discussion:

Alvin Chan: Working on User stories + Frontend. No current roadblocks.

Tim Nguyen:  Finished Hello World, Working on User stories + Looking into Frontend tools. No current roadblocks.

Jun Yoon:  Finished Hello World. Working on User Journey + Backend. No current roadblocks.

Raymond Xie:  Working on User Journey & Hello Worrld + Backend. No current roadblocks.

Ali Shahid:  Working on User stories + Frontend + Hello World. Looked into the API's we could use. No current roadblocks.

Kevin Yang:  Completed Hello World. Working on User Journey & Problem Scenario + Backend. No current roadblocks.

Logan Melgoza: Finished HelloWorld and a part of HW2. Working on User stories + Backend. No current roadblocks.

Jay Yeung: Finished Hello World. Working on User stories & Problem Scenario Frontend. No current roadblocks.

Commit message:

Update sprint meeting notes with sprint goal
Added sprint goal and updated scribed discussion.

team/sprint01/lect03.md, after:

Project: Sports Betting/Prediction
 
Mentor: James, Jonathan

Meeting Time: lect03

Type of meeting: [sprint planning, daily scrum]

Team: Alvin Chan [x], Tim Nguyen [x], Jun Yoon[x], Rayomd Xie [x], Ali Shahid [x], Kevin Yang [x], Logan Melgoza [x], Jay Yeung [x]

### Sprint Goal

- Deliver MVP: Have a home page containing a game card with stats for at least one live game
- We want mocked stats for the players and games by the end using ML.
- We are going to make a visually pleasing home page that displays stats effectively





### Scribed Discussion:

Alvin Chan: Working on User stories + Frontend. No current roadblocks.

Tim Nguyen:  Finished Hello World, Working on User stories + Looking into Frontend tools. No current roadblocks.

Jun Yoon:  Finished Hello World. Working on User Journey + Backend. No current roadblocks.

Raymond Xie:  Working on User Journey & Hello Worrld + Backend. No current roadblocks.

Ali Shahid:  Working on User stories + Frontend + Hello World. Looked into the API's we could use. No current roadblocks.

Kevin Yang:  Completed Hello World. Working on User Journey & Problem Scenario + Backend. No current roadblocks.

Logan Melgoza: Finished HelloWorld and a part of HW2. Working on User stories + Backend. No current roadblocks.

Jay Yeung: Finished Hello World. Working on User stories & Problem Scenario Frontend. No current roadblocks.
