team/Learning.md, before:

# Learning

### Experience Level

#### Next.js

Everyone has a decent level of experience with this framework and we have had some project experience using both React and Typescript which are the core parts of Next.js.

#### Tailwind CSS

Same level of experience as Next.js and everyone on the frontend team has had some sort of experience using Tailwind CSS

#### FastAPI

Most group members have heard of FastAPI or have some experience with it but some have not been able to use it in practice. Less experience compared to the previous 2 frameworks.

#### Pandas + NumPy

These are some of the most common Data & Modeling frameworks and everyone who is interested in this aspect of the app has experience with it.

#### Scikit-learn

Same experience as Pandas and NumPy

### Skills to Learn (Summary)

After going through all of the tools, the frontend team had a pretty good knowledge of all of the tools and frameworks that they had to use. Both Next.js and TailwindCSS are quite commonly used together and in terms of frontend development, the only learning to do was just refining skills within Next.js and TailwindCSS.

In terms of the backend, FastAPI definitely needed some refinement as some people did not fully know how to use it in practice despite knowing the functionalities, etc. Therefore FastAPI would be an important learning skill. Moreover, the data and modeling tools were all known by the team but a skim of tools, etc. would be helpful.

### How we will learn

After discussing with the team, the most effective ways of learning were definitely the documentations for each framework as well as going through basic tutorials to get warmed up with the tech stack. Moreover, we agreed that watching video examples and reading through articles were quite effective.

Commit message:

Document Render and Vercel hosting details
Added information about Render and Vercel as hosting options.

team/Learning.md, after:

# Learning

### Experience Level

#### Next.js

Everyone has a decent level of experience with this framework and we have had some project experience using both React and Typescript which are the core parts of Next.js.

#### Tailwind CSS

Same level of experience as Next.js and everyone on the frontend team has had some sort of experience using Tailwind CSS

#### FastAPI

Most group members have heard of FastAPI or have some experience with it but some have not been able to use it in practice. Less experience compared to the previous 2 frameworks.

#### Pandas + NumPy

These are some of the most common Data & Modeling frameworks and everyone who is interested in this aspect of the app has experience with it.

#### Scikit-learn

Same experience as Pandas and NumPy

#### Render and Vercel

Render is the hosting server that we will use for our backend which is able to easily support our tech stack. Vercel is also an easy way to host the frontend. We are all not too familiar with Render but we plan on learning it because it fits our tech stack so well.

### Skills to Learn (Summary)

After going through all of the tools, the frontend team had a pretty good knowledge of all of the tools and frameworks that they had to use. Both Next.js and TailwindCSS are quite commonly used together and in terms of frontend development, the only learning to do was just refining skills within Next.js and TailwindCSS.

In terms of the backend, FastAPI definitely needed some refinement as some people did not fully know how to use it in practice despite knowing the functionalities, etc. Therefore FastAPI would be an important learning skill. Moreover, the data and modeling tools were all known by the team but a skim of tools, etc. would be helpful.

### How we will learn

After discussing with the team, the most effective ways of learning were definitely the documentations for each framework as well as going through basic tutorials to get warmed up with the tech stack. Moreover, we agreed that watching video examples and reading through articles were quite effective.
